okay I'll just  kick this off so
okay I'll just kick this off so
hey everyone this is  our weekly
hey everyone this is our weekly
protocol meeting in which we discuss
and  trying to make the design
and trying to make the design
decisions I think we have only one thing
on the agenda today which is  an
on the agenda today which is an
update on the fees cap and  Nico can
update on the fees cap and Nico can
you take it
yeah thank you
and yeah this is basically like  we
and yeah this is basically like we
had like a few conversations in the past
few weeks
some more recent updates in the last
week
based on the yeah some of the converts
we had in Discord
so we have a
like a round of updates that  yeah
like a round of updates that yeah
that we
that I actually published yesterday to
the cap but
this is an incremental change on top of
the  of the piercing so maybe what I
the of the piercing so maybe what I
can do is kind of give a kind of high
level overview of what we are with this
serve the updated theme Mode app
and then
and yeah like people are interested and
they can go and and go read the the
actual cap that is  has a lot more
actual cap that is has a lot more
detail on on each of those  topics
detail on on each of those topics
I don't know if that makes sense but
like  we should do that
like we should do that
okay so
yeah so like the the thing that we're
trying to do in this cup  is
trying to do in this cup is
is there like a magical things in there
but like the one of them that is
basically like make all these changes
that are required to deal with
is
is  you know needs right like so so
is you know needs right like so so
like coming from classic  the classic
like coming from classic the classic
protocol where we have this flat fee
pair operation the operations kind of
the unit of
of a transaction right like we can have
within one and a hundred and we have
this
really simple  model for that in
really simple model for that in
classic in soroband the resources are a
lot more complicated so you have like
compute you have the the
amount of
of a bandwidth that you're using the io
like you know how many reads on rights
you're doing to you know to The Ledger
and how much how many bytes
and then you have like even more
complicated things in there like
depending on on the contract  you have
depending on on the contract you have
like events
that are then
potentially
that to translate potentially to
actual into real cost  for Downstream
actual into real cost for Downstream
systems so like when we look at all of
this
we have to think basically  in how we
we have to think basically in how we
can make it  we don't have in
can make it we don't have in
particular like the spam type of traffic
on the network while at the same time we
want to keep fees  as  as cheap as
want to keep fees as as cheap as
possible on the network so it's kind of
trying to balance those things is
is  what this Camp is about
is what this Camp is about
so I think when we left it off  the
so I think when we left it off the
the last time we talked about this cap
the one thing we talked about actually
was
was that who are going to try to make
the Ledger space  something that is
the Ledger space something that is
actually priced dynamically and in
particular we are looking at ways to
to limit the the size of the ledger
so this is the  the topics that we
so this is the the topics that we
know we'll be having around how to be
do we save data off-chain  desk what
do we save data off-chain desk what
can presented I think it was like a
couple weeks ago or even last week
so this is one component of this cap
the other things that we are that
that we are looking at was  yeah I
that we are looking at was yeah I
don't like the the pricing model
basically for all other resources so
like  yeah compute and and bandwidth
like yeah compute and and bandwidth
for example
and
so we've been kind of going back and
forth it was like the the first  like
forth it was like the the first like
big iteration around this was to try to
come up with a way to do
like pricing for dynamic pricing for
every  every resource type on the
every every resource type on the
network
and as we kind of
looked into this into multiple like it
it became kind of
evidence that  it was kind of
evidence that it was kind of
getting quite complicated to try to so
to to manually to model it on the on the
network itself is actually not so bad I
think the well things were getting
really complicated is when we try to
think about ways to  prioritize
think about ways to prioritize
traffic basically  like when you have
traffic basically like when you have
like multiple transactions competing for
with each other
which one gets to be in The Ledger this
is the ones that are you know postpone
to  to a future letter
to to a future letter
and when you so this is already getting
complicated on that front and then
and then there's the other aspect that
is
while this is happening on chain  for
while this is happening on chain for
clients it's also getting really
complicated to try to
basically decide how to
what to bid basically in terms of
fees right for each of those resource
types
so those are like the type of things
we've been thinking about in the past
few weeks in in more depth right like
trying to think about ways to to
simplify this a bit and
and at first we're looking at doing
something that was
trying to kind of come up with a
like a more I I think I call it in the
cap currently like because this is still
you can still see it
as part of a more like an appendix
type of thing right like a alternate
implementation
yeah so come up with a synthetic
resource that is basically an
aggregation of the different resource
types that that the specific transaction
is using
that basically combines
and comes up with some something that is
maybe like similar to the the notion of
gas that are for example refining
ethereum that work basically that that
synthetic thing represents compute but
also disk IO and
yeah like a bandwidth any any
resource really in the system is kind of
you try to kind of
fit that into this synthetic thing
and then  yeah so we started to kind
and then yeah so we started to kind
of explore that and  what we found is
of explore that and what we found is
that it was still fairly complicated to
try to be fair  when prioritizing
try to be fair when prioritizing
transactions
like you have like certain scenarios
when you come up with  like a recipe
when you come up with like a recipe
right for for this synthetic asset where
we basically for example you say okay I
have like
took to to to combine those different
resource types I'm going to take
some of the compute numbers that I'm
getting  I'm going to give away to
getting I'm going to give away to
this and add
to that like  with the different
to that like with the different
weight the i o cause and you combine all
those things right into a single number
that ends up being your number of  of
that ends up being your number of of
this aggregate resource type
and then when you do that
you end up with like very strange
prioritization problems now because
if you try to balance for example
how to how how would you compare a  a
how to how how would you compare a a
transaction that for example does a lot
of computation
to a another transaction that does
almost no computation but that has that
is very heavy on
on a hero
I came up with those weird Trails
where
you have to really penalize one of those
two types of transactions and and and it
gets even more complicated when you have
like a transaction that does a little
bit of both and then and then
and then you end up with people
overpaying a lot for  basically
overpaying a lot for basically
getting penalized a lot for using
a little bit of a  a resource that
a little bit of a a resource that
happens to be  in demand
happens to be in demand
while you're also using an expensive
but available resource so this is like
the type of of problems we are running
into
so yeah which would actually happen
like quite often  like imagine if you
like quite often like imagine if you
have like a lectures being filled with a
lot of  what the constraint it is
lot of what the constraint it is
let's say a computation where for
whatever reason there's a lot of traffic
where when people are doing
let's say like a trade right on against
an AMA so like this one is actually
a little bit of IO and then computation
they're like maybe depending on the amm
implantation but it could be like
something fairly complicated and let's
say you have a lot of trading at this
happening
you still have plenty of IO available to
your on the network but
IO is going to always be expensive
in in with the way we want to kind of
to to model this because
adding things to The Ledger is kind of
one of those things where
I think something to deledger is
is something that has an impact on many
many systems right so so relative to to
compute  price
compute price
adding data to the to The Ledger yes
is is is all those are magnitude more
expensive kind of like what you see in a
in the classic protocol where the Base
reserve is
is a lot more expensive than  than
is a lot more expensive than than
just like the transaction fee right
that's kind of the the way to think
about this so then if you ask people
okay like you're in order to get into
The Ledger you have to be let's say a
hundred times  you know the price of
hundred times you know the price of
your
of your aggregate results because of
congestion on on gas or sorry on compute
asking people to pay a hundred times
for Io in this case is kind of weird
right it makes things very expensive for
no real good reason
so anyway so like delete this iteration
what we've kind of  looked at was
what we've kind of looked at was
how could can we make this problem go
away and the current approach that we
are that we can have landed on is
to rely more on  on
to rely more on on
or pricing resources on on something
that is more like Network parameters or
like automatic
and
automatic pricing right of
of resources
similar to what was actually already
in their form
for Ledger space where
basically if you look at the
transaction
you can
derive
independently from other transactions
the price of the of those resources
and then the type of market dynamics
that you have are not actually on the
resources themselves but on I think I
called it
the  the cost of inclusion in a ledger
the the cost of inclusion in a ledger
and
I think this is basically Shifting the
conversation there around
why do you want to be ahead of you know
if somebody is a means transaction
why that person wants to be ahead right
and
and I think the the name that that is
used in the literacy around that is the
social value of the of the transaction
the social value has actually nothing to
do with the resources
like the amount of resources that a
specific transaction was using
it's really you know based on whatever
people are actually doing with that
transaction so in some cases even though
you're
your transaction might be doing a simple
you know set one bit in on The Ledger
it may be actually something that
unlocks  you know like a huge value
unlocks you know like a huge value
you know down the line right so so
there's like
decoupling of the the two is is  is
decoupling of the the two is is is
kind of interesting
let's see and  yeah so like this one
let's see and yeah so like this one
like the the the
well this through to work  in a way
well this through to work in a way
that kind of makes sense
the assumption that we're making is
that we will be able to have like a a
same way and when I say we here it's
basically the protocol and validos right
that are voting for some of those
Network parameters
such as how much does it cost to
store
you know like let me see like  one
you know like let me see like one
kilobyte of data on natural like this
type of pricing this is what we're
talking about so because when you have
the price of the transaction basically
decompose it then into
those kind of
Network derived
fees that are like I said like the the
cost of storing data for example on The
Ledger plus this  inclusion fee that
Ledger plus this inclusion fee that
is an actual building per transaction
and that's the total fee that you end up
paying for
and yeah so that's kind of the the
Focus right now is to to see how far we
can take this idea or where
the inclusion fee is unrelated to actual
resource utilization
so that's kind of the the thing we are
looking into right now which is  doing
looking into right now which is doing
like
modeling and Analysis to see like the
where this breaks and  what are like
where this breaks and what are like
the
if this basically holds us a
as a variable approach to this problem
like questions on this at this point
yeah the one other note I want to
make here is that like
I think besides just prioritizing
transactions  just  from my user
transactions just from my user
experience perspective
I think it should be a requirement
that the user can understand what's
going on here right
and with all of its faults in
ethereum ecosystem at the end of the day
you know exactly
you know at the end of the day
there's just like the gas resource and
you're competing for gas
so like the question is with with
these new
Concepts that you're introducing what is
the user experience
actually this is very similar to what
you've seen in there I mean it's a
variation
your experience is that oh my for a
given transaction you have actually two
two components you have the  your your
two components you have the your your
guess
price right that you have attached to
the transaction and you also have a
I think we call it a chip or
something for  for the validation
something for for the validation
that allows you to kind of you know get
included so there's like something that
is similar to this inclusion fee the
difference is that in Italian the
inclusion fee is actually tied to the to
the amount of resources that your it's a
rate basically it's not a flat fee
it's not technically it's it's trying to
do more of the dynamic price signals we
saw of these aggregate resources
as opposed to
[Music]
kind of stepping outside of that and
assume that the price that you actually
have your base price for resources is
relatively accurate
and then this prioritization thing is
modeled
adjusting fees based on
like the
yeah the the use cases right as opposed
to the
the actual
like which which limit you're hitting in
the system
got it okay let's  let's open this up
got it okay let's let's open this up
to questions
so if anyone wants to ask a question
please do this on the chat
or just asked to be  included
or just asked to be included
in the stage
Nico just one more question for you
like what are the open questions that
you like is there anything that you
wanna
consult a team with here right now
in terms of
questions that you that you want help
answering
I think that they're like
there is one aspect  that is in in
there is one aspect that is in in
the cup I mean around like the
which resources  we want to allow for
which resources we want to allow for
refunds  is kind of an interesting
refunds is kind of an interesting
question right now on the in The
Proposal
I think we can only get refunds for
I think it's basically like anything
that goes to to dolphins Downstream
systems like you know
basically what gets into horizon or sort
of an RPC right now
it's basically the cost of this
of the meta outside of The Ledger
country changes
the reason for not giving out refunds
for other resources is that
right now
if if validators make certain decisions
right that they are not not going to
include
certain transactions because of you know
we're hitting some limit let's say on on
on a bandwidth let's say  an Archie
on a bandwidth let's say an Archie
bandwidth is not a good example because
we know exactly the size of the
transaction but like  for compute
transaction but like for compute
right like so let's say a transaction
says oh I'm going to use
10 000 units of compute
because they are using 10 000 units of
compute that means we don't include
up to 10 000 units of compute from
other transactions right that tough
maybe the same
same priority
and then later let's say that
transaction decides well actually you
know I'm going to only use a thousand
but like basically by do by doing by
using less
it would give an incentive to just like
yeah like
people only just put like maximum
numbers on everything and then  and
numbers on everything and then and
then  yeah their Ledger would be kind
then yeah their Ledger would be kind
of idle
on on the  process this one you know
on on the process this one you know
one one entry so I think this is like a
the reason why we don't want to do
refunds on the on the resources that we
think will be highly  contentious but
think will be highly contentious but
like
I wanted to hear like if they are like
any
opinions on
on that topic
let's see and then the other thing
yeah is everyone really like the the
modeling of this
of these
prioritization based on the social value
of transactions I think yeah people have
maybe like more opinions on this that
would be great because I said things
like a
one of the the thing that is kind of new
in this  proposal
in this proposal
so yeah
get can you offer a bit more information
on the social value I know you mentioned
it before but it's a relatively new
concept
it's not it's not new I mean it's not
new in these in the crypto space right
so it's like the idea that
a low
a transaction that is
the importance of a transaction is
actually
completely independent of the amount of
resources it's using
right like it can be that you know maybe
it's a
a simple payment you know could be like
moving billions of dollars you know
like when you compare that to a large
transaction that does a bunch of stuff
you know the same thing right it could
be you don't know is it doing something
that's not super useful or is it
actually a transaction that is related
to
[Music]
like a a payment a payment channel right
or a layer two type of  transaction
or a layer two type of transaction
that is extremely important right the
value is the initial and inner and value
of this transaction
[Music]
is actually  off chain
is actually off chain
anyway
how did the user determine the social
value of a transaction they're about to
submit
well it's kind of a it's the similar
idea then  you know when you're saying
idea then you know when you're saying
okay I'm going to build
you know 2X or whatever the base fee
today right on the on the classic
Network
it's a similar thing where at some point
you say
I'm willing to pay up to X
for my for this transaction right
it's the same idea it's just like
here we're saying it's we make it
completely independent of resource
utilization
that's the one difference
and otherwise the same idea of like in
terms of user experience
yeah you want to
you kind of
you want to get people to think about
how much they are willing to pay for a
specific transaction in terms of not
solid terms
they look at it because that's actually
not the way  people think about it
not the way people think about it
right like when you have a
you know you're trying to pay your
[Music]
at a store right like he
maybe like like the way you think about
it it's not in terms of like oh yeah
like
I want to be
to think about it in terms of
of  relative to the cost of that
of relative to the cost of that
transaction on this particular network
is it's it's kind of hard right like
it's
in traditional systems it's going to be
a fee a percent of your amount you know
I guess that's kind of a way to think
about this like the that's tied to the
actual value the real world value of
this transaction
it has nothing to do with the cost of
actually processing the transaction
let's say on the Visa Network right
that that plat fee that you can that you
can imagine exist right is actually not
visible to  to end users right in
visible to to end users right in
those systems and it shouldn't be
because it has nothing to do with
with the value of that transaction
I wanted to say that  the problems
I wanted to say that the problems
that we're talking about here are
actually not specific to Stellar or
blockchain or anything like that these
are exactly these are standard problems
in multi-value optimization scheduling
so this is a thing I spent a bunch of
time working on you know for my life
so you got the usual problems you have
to decide how is there a deterministic
relationship between
the things that you're paying for and
the things that are available so in our
case it's compute or whatever
but then there's this other aspect which
is how much does somebody need the thing
to be done and that piece is usually not
modeled within the
within the framework of the
scheduling because it it involves a
bunch of
as you say sort of  pieces that are
as you say sort of pieces that are
too complicated to be encapsulated and
they have nothing to do with the cost of
running anything
so to give you like a concrete example
in astronomy
you have scheduling your telescopes and
you want to do something similar you
want to put observations on these
telescopes and it costs money to do that
so there's a bunch of finite stuff that
you have to pay for but then there's the
question of this particular observation
I want to make today how important is it
to my science
and that question can't be encapsulated
in a general model it's very specific to
my actual use case so the analog here is
I have a smart contract
and this thing is very important for my
contract to execute I'm willing to pay
more for it
and then so it's very it's very normal
to have this as a separate layer but all
the problems that we're going to run
into are the same problems that are
covered in every scheduling system right
so this question of determinism how much
does it cost how do you do a trade-off
between orthogonal variables how do you
provide this thing in a transparent way
and then how do you deal with gaming of
the  of this social aspect
the of this social aspect
like if I have enough money can I
dominate the whole system and basically
distort the parameters so these are like
hard problems but also they're standard
problems I guess that's what I'm trying
to say
exactly and that's actually why  we
exactly and that's actually why we
ended up where we are now is that we
didn't want to
to kind of come up with that aggregate
resource right like that is basically
like what are the weights you know how
much how much weight do I want to assign
to each of those resource types to turn
this multi-dimensional optimization
problem into a single variable right
and
it seems like the
the most
practical way was to actually really
couple it  kind of like using your
couple it kind of like using your
example where you have
resources  that cost real money right
resources that cost real money right
like  to run a specific
like to run a specific
in our case right to to to execute a
transaction it it should cost a
a reasonable amount right that is
basically like you wouldn't have like
junk  transactions being executed on
junk transactions being executed on
the network
and after that the second layer is more
of a
market for getting to that queue so it's
basically like a kind of a almost like
if you're going to be
I don't know like  at the  once it's
I don't know like at the once it's
like the another a good analogy would be
yeah if you could buy
your your spot in line the day of
but it's like those Black Friday sales
right like you're outside the store you
get to to get in the line
but once you're in the store it's still
the price of the store you don't get to
you know you don't pay more because
there are more people you know in line
inside the store I mean
and that we redecoupled the two problems
yeah so there are a few fundamental
questions that I guess it would be great
to get answered so like if the first
question is these things that we believe
are like compute for example is it
deterministic enough
that we could actually Define a cost for
that that would not vary
yeah yeah I think so that's kind of
the we can the current
idea is to
yeah to give it a a flat rate basically
like
the amount of computing you use would be
a
linear function right to the I mean the
sorry the cost for compute would be
linear to the amount of compute you're
using
and then that will tune it over time I
think we can over time maybe come up
with more complicated
models right that the system can
that we can follow but like
right now we are using linear functions
for that
and yes yeah and the Assumption sorry
yeah is that
we should be able to  on a regular
we should be able to on a regular
basis have a vote basically  you know
basis have a vote basically you know
between validators to see okay should we
adjust
that's that function
because of the patterns we've seen
right in the let's say the last month or
something
I was getting two which is that if you
have a multivariable optimization then
what happens is it's tuned to the
environment that you that you observe
and you you know you treat these
parameters like the simplest ways you
have a bunch of variables you're
sticking together with plus signs you
put coefficients in front of them and
then those coefficients are tunable
knobs that you use to decide how to
trade off the different orthogonal
dimensions
but that can be tuned to a particular
workload but then when the workload
changes that usually doesn't work
anymore and you have to retune it so a
key question is as the kind of things
that happen on Stella evolve how will we
adjust or adapt to that
but that's the thing I'm saying is that
the the
we are not going to prioritize
transactions based on this combination
you know  of things right
you know of things right
the instead we are prioritizing based on
the the kind of perceived right like the
social value basically of those
transactions
I think that's kind of the the key
element to this proposal is that is that
we don't we don't try to be smart in
terms of like the yeah trying to kind of
boss  like try to fit everything into
boss like try to fit everything into
this  linear combinations of
this linear combinations of
Dimensions because
you end up if you do it like that you
have a you end up in a situation where
it's kind of like the
you know
if you're like pizza by  by modal
if you're like pizza by by modal
distribution right on your own you have
two types of transactions right that are
on the network
and you try to to put a line in between
them
and no line is going to work like you
just end up with basically you have to
decide okay do I prefer the first group
of transactions so the second one and
then when you're outside of that your
fees are just completely broken or your
prioritization is completely broken
I I completely agree with that
the other aspect of this is the the
refund thing that you talk about I think
that another way to think about this is
that to use your analogy of waiting to
get in the Black Friday sale
you're paying for the privilege of
having the spot in the in the lane or
the queue you're not paying for what's
actually going to be able to buy when
you get in the store so if I you know
pay for 10 000 compute units
because that gives me the space and I
actually only used a thousand well I
paid for ten thousand because that's how
I wanted to you know justify my position
in the line right so I think it is
consistent to not offer refunds but
maybe you can frame it differently as
really what you're paying for is not the
usage at runtime it's for your expected
usage
exactly yeah
any more questions from the audience
so Nico I understand that  there's
so Nico I understand that there's
probably another draft of this coming
request that's open  Dima that is the
request that's open Dima that is the
other person like you didn't have time
yet to merge it but  yeah there should
yet to merge it but yeah there should
be
I'm hoping to get more  more feedback
I'm hoping to get more more feedback
from people like it would be nice if we
can get some help on yeah playing with
that proposal in terms of the you know
like
simulations right like a c
what happens if are there like
situations where
it would behave in ways that are really
not
not great like you know like the example
I used with when you start to combine
things right where you end up with
certain transactions end up being
penalized or not and
My Hope Is that this proposal doesn't do
that
but that would be  yeah very curious
but that would be yeah very curious
to see if they are like
things we missed basically in this one
and there are probably situations where
the the thing doesn't work right but
like having a better understanding of
those situations would be super useful
got it and are there open questions
or is the proposal complete as it is
right now or are there open questions in
it
I mean it's mostly yeah it's mostly
there I would say they open questions
like they are they are more like the
minutia of
you know transaction set like what is
maybe the like going back to like the
refundable stuff maybe we want to have
the value data or actually be able to
say
to give a hint that
if the transaction set let's say was put
together and there was no contention on
anything
then maybe we should be able to give
refunds to people
like there was basically like queues we
are kind of empty so
you know there's no reason to
basically penalize anything but like I
don't know if that's
you know if this will actually happen in
practice because we tend to see more of
a you know cues actually have a bunch of
stuff and it's never enough
capacity to do anything but at the same
time like I was saying like earlier like
mainly the contention is all on on
compute and not on iOS then if people
don't use all their eye or like let's
say they because some of the problems
here that I'm talking about as the
imagine you have a
a test and set type of contract right a
contractor basically does a read
and then in some conditions going to
update The Ledger entry
well in this proposal regardless of of
of what the contract is going to do
if you said you're going to write and
you don't write then you're paid for the
for the right
which is a bit sad
I don't know if it will happen or not
but that's something that I think May
happen quite a bit if
maybe in certain like trainings is it
the type of trading contracts or
something like that for amms I don't
think it will happen because we always
have like those tiny adjustments to the
results
but maybe different kind of
yeah I mean like I said it's a test
and set type of situation
so I would imagine it should be fairly
common in the
in kind of the general case
so this is specific for situations in
which
you know let's say pre-flight
determined that you're going to go in
one code path and then  you know the
one code path and then you know the
state changes and when you actually go
on the network it takes a different code
path yeah like and and this situation is
is like when you have like an Arbitrage
opportunity right like you have
people say oh I can trade and then
and then  so then when you pre-flight
and then so then when you pre-flight
they see that yeah I can trade
and that that folder they are going to
submit the transaction but then
when their transaction gets executed
while the trade was already taken so
it's a no
right
so that's kind of what I'm thinking I
guess in the amm because that's exactly
what will happen is that you don't
update the results in that case because
the swap is just not going to do
anything
but you said you were going to swap so
now you're paying for that
so yeah
so in these kind of cases one lens
that's kind of useful to look at it is
you have all these things to do and you
can't do them all that's why you have
prioritization right and so really the
question of your algorithm is who loses
who is going to lose and not get in
answering that question deciding what
you would like to happen in those
situations helps to inform the structure
of your of your optimization right
so it could be that what we're aiming
for is optimal use of compute and I O
and then the ability for people to
really push for it if something seems
important to them
and you know and if you have that if
that's your thesis that's the lens that
you're using then you can make a
decision about whether it makes any
sense to charge someone when it doesn't
actually happen or not because maybe it
achieves your goals right so I think
that's like one way to think about how
to move forward on this
yeah I mean at the same time I think the
current gap on that front is is
conservative version right
similarly when you have like a if a
contract  traps
contract traps
right now we basically say you don't get
any refunds if you trap because you've
been wasting this clip  you know you
been wasting this clip you know you
had a promise it was going to be a super
useful transaction and then it didn't do
anything because it it crashed
yeah it's not bother right trying to
basically it's kind of going back to
what you're saying like we want to
encourage people to not submit
transactions that are crashing or doing
nothing so maybe the current proposal is
the right one
okay was there many more questions in
the chat or something that we should be
looking at
foreign
I don't see any more questions in the
chat
so I think that  unless there's
so I think that unless there's
something else that you want to bring up
today Pico I think we can  call it a
today Pico I think we can call it a
day
no I think that's so like  yeah
no I think that's so like yeah
so we'll continue conversing in the
live stage or or the live chat if anyone
wants to keep talking
yeah
you know that's on the regular Dev
so people want to boost that too
all right
thank you thank you have a great day